1.	Bernoulli random variables take (only) the values 1 and 0.
 ANS:-a)True                                                                                                                                2.	Which of the following theorem states that the distribution of averages of iid variables, properly normalized, becomes that of a standard normal as the sample size increases?
ANS:-a)	Central Limit Theorem

3.	Which of the following is incorrect with respect to use of Poisson distribution?
ANS:-b)	Modeling bounded count data
4.	Point out the correct statement.
d)	All of the mentioned
A)The exponent of a normally distributed random variables follows what is called the log-normal distribution
b) Sums of normally distributed random variables are again normally distributed even if the variables are dependent
c) The square of a standard normal random variable follows what is called chi-squared distribution
 
5.	 random variables are used to model rates.
c)	Poisson
6.Usually replacing the standard error by its estimated value does change the CLT
b)	False
7.Which of the following testing is concerned with making decisions using data?
b)	Hypothesis
8.Normalized data are centered at	and have units equal to standard deviations of the
A)0
9.	Which of the following statement is incorrect with respect to outliers?
c)	Outliers cannot conform to the regression relationship
10.	What do you understand by the term Normal Distribution?


ANS:-normal distribution is an arrangement of a data set in which most values cluster in the middle of the range and the rest taper off symmetrically toward either extreme.It is a probability function that describes how the values of a variable are distributed.

11.	How do you handle missing data? What imputation techniques do you recommend?
ANS:-The concept of missing data is implied in the name: it’s data that is not captured for a variable.Missing data reduces the statistical power of the analysis,which can distort.the validity of the results. When dealing with missing data. data scientists can use two primary methods to solve the error: imputation or the removal of data.
imputation techniques:-The imputation method develops reasonable guesses for missing data. It’s most useful when the percentage of missing data is low. If the portion of missing data is too high, the results lack natural variation that could result in an effective model.
UNIVERIATE VS MULTIVARIATE
1.LIST WISE DELETION
2.MEAN/MODE/MEDIEN
DECK IMPUTATION:-1.COLD 2.HOT
MODEL BASED 1.K Nearest Neighbors 2.EXPACTATION MAXIMIZATION 3.MAXIMAM LIKELIHODE 4.REGRESSION 5.PRIOR KNOWLEDGE
12.	What is A/B testing?
ANS:-A/B testing, also known as split testing, refers to a randomized experimentation process wherein two or more versions of a variable (web page, page element, etc.) are shown to different segments of website visitors at the same time to determine which version leaves the maximum impact and drive business metrics.Essentially, A/B testing eliminates all the guesswork out of website optimization and enables experience optimizers to make data-backed decisions. In A/B testing, A refers to ‘control’ or the original testing variable. Whereas B refers to ‘variation’ or a new version of the original testing variable. The version that moves your business metric(s) in the positive direction is known as the ‘winner.’ Implementing the changes of this winning variation on your tested page(s) / element(s) can help optimize your website and increase business ROI.
13.	Is mean imputation of missing data acceptable practice?
ANS:-The process of replacing null values in a data collection with the data’s mean is known as mean imputation.mean imputation is bad imputation. It does improve power, but your results will be so biased, the improved power won't help much.
14.	What is linear regression in statistics?
Linear regression is a kind of statistical analysis that attempts to show a relationship between two variables. Linear regression looks at various data points and plots a trend line.
15.	What are the various branches of statistics?
There are three real branches of statistics: 1.data collection, 2.descriptive statistics 3.inferential statistics
The two major areas of statistics are known as descriptive statistics, which describes the properties of sample and population data, and inferential statistics, which uses those properties to test hypotheses and draw conclusions.
                                                     ANSWERSHEET OF  STATISTICS 

